=== Documents

==== Directory

This provides a directory listing view of all the documents present in the system, based on the _request parameters_ as shown.

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/directory/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/documents/directory/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/documents/directory/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/documents/directory/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/documents/directory/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Find By Id

This will find a document based on the _document id_ provided as a parameter as shown in *Path Parameters*. The json response will have the specific document as shown in the *Sample Response*.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/find-by-id/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/documents/find-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/documents/find-by-id/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/documents/find-by-id/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Find By Id In

This will find a list of documents based on the _document ids_ provided as a parameter as shown in *Request Parameters*. The json response will have the specific documents as shown in the *Sample Response*.

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/find-by-id-in/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/documents/find-by-id-in/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/documents/find-by-id-in/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/documents/find-by-id-in/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Search

This search will return a json response listing all the documents, based on the query parameters as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/facet-search/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/documents/facet-search/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/documents/facet-search/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/documents/facet-search/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/documents/facet-search/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Export Search

This export will return a stream of specified type containing the search results with the requested fields, based on the query parameters as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/export-search/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/documents/export-search/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/documents/export-search/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/documents/export-search/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Export Single Page

This export will return a stream of specified type containing the single page built from the associated export view. An export view must be added to the display view for the type of document.

===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/export-single-page/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/export-single-page/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/documents/export-single-page/http-request.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/documents/export-single-page/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Count

This count will return a json response containing the count, based on the query parameters as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/count-search/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/documents/count-search/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/documents/count-search/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/documents/count-search/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/documents/count-search/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Recently Updated

This will return a json response listing recently updated documents, based on the query parameters as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/documents/recently-updated-search/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/documents/recently-updated-search/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/documents/recently-updated-search/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/documents/recently-updated-search/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::{snippets}/documents/recently-updated-search/curl-request.adoc[]
